1. What is programming language ?
   A programming language is a set of symbols, 
   grammars and rules with the help of which one is able to translate algorithms to programs that will be executed by 
   the computer.

2. Why do we need programming language?
   Programming helps in speeding up the input and output processes in a machine. It is important to automate, collect, 
   manage, calculate, and analyze the processing of data and information accurately. Programming helps create software 
   and applications that help computer and mobile users in daily  life. 

3. What are the features of Java ?
   Object Oriented
   In Java, everything is an Object. Java can be easily extended since it is based on the Object model.

   Platform Independent
   Unlike many other programming languages including C and C++, when Java is compiled, it is not compiled into 
   platform specific machine, rather into platform-independent byte code. This byte code is distributed over the web 
   and interpreted by the Virtual Machine (JVM) on whichever platform it is being run on.

   Simple
   Java is designed to be easy to learn. If you understand the basic concept of OOP Java, it would be easy to master.
 
   Secure
   With Java's secure feature it enables to develop virus-free, tamper-free systems. Authentication techniques are
   based on public-key encryption.

   Architecture-neutral
   Java compiler generates an architecture-neutral object file format, which makes the compiled code executable on
   many processors, with the presence of Java runtime system.

   Portable
   Being architecture-neutral and having no implementation dependent aspects of the specification makes Java portable.
   The compiler in Java is written in ANSI C with a clean portability boundary, which is a POSIX subset.

   Robust
   Java makes an effort to eliminate error-prone situations by emphasizing mainly on compile time error checking and 
   runtime checking.

   Multithreaded
   With Java's multithreaded feature it is possible to write programs that can perform many tasks simultaneously. This
   design feature allows the developers to construct interactive applications that can run smoothly.

  Interpreted
  Java byte code is translated on the fly to native machine instructions and is not stored anywhere. The development 
  process is more rapid and analytical since the linking is an incremental and light-weight process.

  High Performance
  With the use of Just-In-Time compilers, Java enables high performance.

  Distributed
  Java is designed for the distributed environment of the internet.

  Dynamic
  Java is considered to be more dynamic than C or C++ since it is designed to adapt to an evolving environment. 
  Java programs can carry an extensive amount of run-time information that can be used to verify and resolve accesses 
  to objects at run-time.

4. What is object ?
   An object is the real time entity .
   An object is the instance of the class.

5. What is Class ?
   A class is the type of data-type .
   It's the template of the object .

6.Explain about the main method in java ?
  Genral syntax of main method---
  public static void main(String[] args)

  public: It is an access specifier. We should use a public keyword before the main() method so that JVM can identify 
  the execution point of the program. If we use private, protected, and default before the main() method, it will not 
  be visible to JVM.

  static: You can make a method static by using the keyword static. We should call the main() method without creating
  an object. Static methods are the method which invokes without creating the objects, so we do not need any object to
  call the main() method.

  void: In Java, every method has the return type. Void keyword acknowledges the compiler that main() method does not
  return any value.

  main(): It is a default signature which is predefined in the JVM. It is called by JVM to execute a program line by
  line and end the execution after completion of this method. We can also overload the main() method.

  String args[]: The main() method also accepts some data from the user. It accepts a group of strings, which is
  called a string array. It is used to hold the command line arguments in the form of string values.
   


   
   
  